Does this still need to be investigated?
A shameless woman with broken shoes
What good products can be produced?
How dare you hit me
I am the daughter of the president of Beicheng
Your daughter stole from me and hit me
Guard Lu, if you let Long Shuai come out, I will complain.
I'm going to make their family die
shut up
I am Long Shuai
What are you going to do with my daughter?
Long Jingtian, are you dizzy?
Impersonating Long Shuai
Yes!
If I don't ask you, please invite Long Shuai out quickly
Clean them up
Ok didn't you see he should hit me
My father and Long Shuai are very good friends.
If you don't invite Long Shuai for me
Be careful I sue you for lion scum
This is Long Shuai
I tell you not to ignore life and death
Long Fuwei, what nonsense are you talking about?
You said it yourself last time
He is your dragon handsome
A former subordinate
That's all.
I think you just received the benefits of Longjingtian.
You want to protect the Longjing Tian family?
You are very nice
It seems that my daughter stole
It has nothing to do with the four of you stealing, right?